feat(databend sink): add config missing_field_as for ndjson insert (#20331)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/20331_databend_config_ndjson.enhancement.md

> Added new config field `missing_field_as` as file format option for NDJSON encoding, default value is `NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new config field `missing_field_as` to the `databend` sink as file format option for NDJSON encoding, default value is `NULL`.
```

Reviewer: Just curious, what is the current behavior? Is this changing the default?

Author: Yes, the default is ERROR, which is too strict.

> Added new config field `missing_field_as` to the `databend` sink as file format option for NDJSON encoding, default value is `NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new config field `missing_field_as` to the `databend` sink to specify the behavior when fields are missing. Previously the behavior was the same as setting this new configuration option to `ERROR`. The new default value is `NULL`.
```
